today we're talking about building apps
with AI this is a comprehensive guide
for you with no coding experience you'll
be able to build an app by the end of
this video this is going to be the most
comprehensive cursor tutorial for those
who want to Vibe code Vibe code is the
act of speaking or typing into cursor
composer which is the smartest AI tool
for coding in the world by far in this
video we're going to talk about this in
three parts the first part will be the
basics of cursor and so we talk about
all of these different things we're
going to go through all of the
vocabulary everything that you need to
know as someone who doesn't know how to
write code to communicate with AI
powered coding tools like cursor and so
in this first basic section we're also
just going to build an AI image
generator and I want you to fully
understand how relatively easy it is to
create really cool apps you don't need
to pay for other people's software
anymore the AI image generator that we
create looks like this and so we're
going to be able to uh say a man riding
a bike with an e.l.f hat on and I will
show you from scratch how I built this
very
quickly and boom so we created this AI
image generator we can copy we can
download and then in part two we built
this landing page and we found a library
on GitHub that had really cool
animations and we just remixed it and
created this landing page and we also
went through the process of deploying it
and uploading it to our own domain so I
bought a domain a
gate.com and that is this site you can
visit this site and I'll show you
everything every step of the process to
create this and then finally in part
three we T we built an AI powered app
and this app really targets one of my
big pain points with the new open AI
deep research I really like how it can
create 10 to 30 page reports but it
doesn't have images built into it which
is why I wanted to create an app that
allows me to paste in all of my ideas
and then I could generate images for the
different section so I can generate
charts with AI and this allows me with
one click to generate charts with AI and
if I want to make changes I can actually
talk to an AI and say mention the
companies here and
explain these more in the chart and so
we used claws API to allow us to edit
these charts and so now we have this
chart here that we can view that
automatically created by AI it shows all
the different companies and how they can
either race competitively or prioritize
safety and slow progress and then it
shows the different outcomes you can
export this as a PDF and so it's just a
more fun way to read the Deep research
project those are the three apps that we
created today and I'm going to go
through all of the basics getting
started with cursor and then we're going
to build these apps and we're going to
talk about other things like how to use
GitHub as someone who's literally can't
write a line of code or understand code
for that matter we're going to talk
about versel and deploying apps to
versel I promise you it'll be worth it
you're going to love Vibe coding I'm
Riley Brown let's dive in this right
here is cursor and you can download
cursor at cursor. comom I downloaded it
for mac and whenever you open up a new
window after you have it downloaded this
is what it looks like this right here is
Bolt and bolt is a friendly familiar
interface just like GPT you can type
whatever you want and in a chat like
experience it will generate the app that
you want except it's hosted online and
many people love this it's just a simple
website you go to you immediately type
it in while cursor is a tool that you
download all of the project files are
hosted on your computer and by the end
of this video you'll understand why I
think that's actually a good thing and
the reason why a lot of people prefer
this experience over this experience is
because of the interface and it's just
easier to get started but I think that
you'll run into a lot more roadblocks
using web-based tools than cursor
because I think the cursor agent is just
the most Superior and I think you'll
understand that by the end of this video
so the question many of you may have is
how do you get to this experience within
cursor how do I type my idea in cursor
to have it generate the files so that I
can create the app that I want and I'll
tell you right now so when you create a
new cursor window there are three
options open project clone repo and
connect via ssh in this video we're
going to go through this one and this
one let's go ahead and start off by
going over this which is basically
creating your new project from scratch
so if we press the open project button
we are now taken to our file system and
people might be you know confused
they're like wait files I don't know
where to put it it doesn't matter pick a
place where you're not actually going to
delete it and you're creating an empty
folder that's how you get started on
cursor so I'm going to create a new
folder and we're going to call this
let's call this new project for
tutorial doesn't matter what you name it
you're going to press enter and then
open then what you're going to do is
you're going to press command I and
congratulations congratulations you made
it to this what this is is this right
here they're the same thing except this
one gives you more control so we now
have a cursor window open and we're
going to turn this to agent
mode okay so what the hell is
composer composer is an AI agent that
allows you to create files edit files
and delete files and run terminal
commands within your code base and you
might be thinking what do all of those
terms mean so let's ask composer what is
a
codebase answer by creating a new file
called uh
codebase
explanation uh text file and we're just
going to use the agent and as I said
earlier it can create files and the
codebase is just the collection of files
and that can be found right
here so you see here it created this
text file called codebase explanation
and it it basically created this right
here this is a text file and now we can
read what a codebase is so it is all the
programming files written in various
languages and all of those files will
show up right here we can also create
folders we're going to name this one
folder and then we can move this into
that folder and we can hit move and so
now we have a folder with codebase
explanation and and we have created a
DOT file computer software doesn't run
on text files it runs on special other
kind of files that I don't know how to
write luckily AI can write basically
anything I ask it and if you learn how
to prompt AI correctly you can get AI to
create highquality applications and
there's a lot of controversy around this
but it's true okay so not only can we
create text files we can also edit them
please make uh code base
explanation longer 10 paragraph essay
and we can use the agent that will say
let me expand on the codebase it says
it's reading the file now it's done
reading the file I'll now expand this
into a con comprehensive 10 paragraph
essay about code bases so it can very
easily change the files within your
app so you see it shows the diff view so
it shows what it's removing and it shows
what it's adding and since it's in text
file you actually don't see the
paragraphs because txt it doesn't have
like automatic line breaks in order to
see line breaks we would actually need
to change the format we can do that can
you change this file to MD which is
markdown and this will change it to MD
and then we'll actually be able to see
the paragraphs
and so what it did is it took all of the
text from the previous one and it
created a new codebase explanation. MD
file and then it deleted the old txt
file which is basically the same as
converting it we press accept and now
you see the line breaks and this is in
markdown and many smart people who write
a lot for their job actually use cursor
all the time because you can use the
agent to make edits you can also use the
chat feature within composer which I'm
not going to talk about as much because
as a Vibe coder you're mostly not you
don't really read the code necessarily
because you don't always have to in fact
I hardly ever read the code I just rely
on composer but you can select this
right here and then you can press chat
and we can say make more
concise and you can make changes and so
if you know a little bit about coding
and you can uh you can actually
highlight parts of the of the file and
make Chang es and then you can press
apply and we can press command y or you
can select that right there and it made
the change and it gives you full
Precision over all of the files within
your code base so I think you understand
the basic premise that there are
different types of files over here and
when you work on really big projects the
amount of files might increase to
hundreds or thousands of files depending
on the size however when you're starting
out it's useful to keep it as small as
you can because it does get harder the
bigger your code base is which makes
sense right that intuitively makes sense
as a programmer that's the same thing as
a Vibe coder using AI decode that still
applies so now let's go ahead and
generate some code files so let's go
ahead and open up a new composer window
now that I'm working on something
completely unrelated to uh what we were
doing previously it's good good to just
open up a new cursor window because all
of the previous messages in your chat
will affect the later chats and the
longer these threads get the worse any
AI model performs you want to reduce the
context so just frequently create new
chats and try not to make it so long
that it says previous messages above
this once you reach a point where it
says see previous messages in your chat
it's a sign that you need to move to a
new chat so what we're going to do is
we're actually just going to rightclick
on this and we're going to hit delete
now let's create some front-end designs
using cursor from a blank project so I'm
going to delete this folder we're in a
brand new cursor project now what we're
going to do is we're going to generate a
cool design now let's use this prompt I
no and let's make sure that we go to
composer I I want you to create an HTM
and JS animation of balls bouncing in a
rectangle and they should be red blue
green orange and white so we're now
going to press enter and you're like
okay where are you even going to see
these balls bouncing is it going to pop
up right here is it going to pop up over
here where is it okay so it's creating a
file as we saw earlier it creates files
so it created this index.html file and
if you can read this great and it's fun
once you get in the hang of it to change
some of these variables because you can
intuitively understand what it does
right you can uh change the the minimum
height um you can change the alignment
so you can change this from Center to
left or to right um and here it is done
creating animation. JS so we're going to
hit accept all so now we have this
index.html file and this animation. JS
now you say run it locally I want to see
it you could probably just say I want to
see it and the agent will understand
what you mean so what I'm what it's
going to do is it's going to create a
local host server so it says all use
Python's built-in HTTP server server to
serve the files which is a simple way to
view HTML files locally so it says now
you can open your web browser and visit
this link right here let's go ahead and
copy this and what we're going to do is
we're going to open up um whatever
browser Chrome uh I personally used Arc
and we can paste in that address and
we're going to press enter and look at
that we can now see the these balls
bouncing
around the frame exactly as we asked it
now what we can do is we can say add
four more
green
balls if you're asking why is he doing
this I don't know it's kind of fun and I
I like it is a really fun experience to
just mess around with it and let your
just curiosity just go you don't need to
think okay how do I do this to convert
it into money the fastest way to not
create any money from the activity of
learning how to code is to think about
this activity as just like utilitarian
and not just exploring because all of my
good ideas from this has come from just
exploring and learning the possibilities
and so I encourage you to have fun so
what we're going to do now is we're just
going to press accept and I'm going to
come back over here and we're going to
press command R which is going to
refresh this Local Host server and we're
going to hit refresh and there we go it
added these green balls now I want you
to make these balls bounce off of each
other so right now they're going through
each other when I want them to bounce
off of each
other and we'll go ahead and run this
and now that it's done we're going to
press accept
now we'll come back here let's go ahead
and refresh this let's see if it
works okay and you can see that these
physics are not perfect right they they
sort of bounce off each other um and
that's because uh there's a lot of
different things that we could do to
make these balls bounce off of each
other and make them better but the point
is is you're constantly changing things
changing variables and you should always
tell cursor specifically what the
problem is
this is not doing a good job of
mimicking how these balls would
realistically bounce off of each other
they're kind of like glitching and it
looks like the center of mass is does
not represent the border of the balls
don't cause the bounce and it doesn't
bounce in a realistic way is there
anything you do can do to make them
bounce off of each other when the edges
of them touch it's like when the center
get somewhat close to each other it's
hard to explain but please figure this
out and we're going to run it and if
you're wondering how I am doing the
voice I am using an app that is called
whisper flow and Whisper flow allows you
to speak into your computer and then it
creates text wherever your cursor is so
in any app that I want I can hold down
the FN key and speak and it will create
that text and this is the icon this is
what it looks like and I haven't even
gotten Pro yet it's free this is like
one of the best free plans I've ever had
because this app is very very good so
now that it is
done let's see if this works so we're
going to press
accept and now we're going to come back
and we're going to refresh it look at
that check that out now they are
bouncing realistically off each other
all from us just describing what the
problem
was and now they are bouncing off of
each other very realistically and there
we go and we're creating this little
design and you could put this on your
website I don't know why you would
create this but the point is you can
create simple one Javascript file and
one index.html file and this is a really
simple and good way to get started
without creating a bunch of
files so I just opened up a new composer
window I made sure agent was on and I
have CLA 3.5 Sonet on as well I think
it's the highest quality and fastest
model for cursor composer and that's the
one I use now we could actually abandon
this whole idea of these balls bouncing
off each other and what we could do is
we could turn this into a landing
page okay abandon everything I want you
to get rid of these bouncing balls and I
want you to create a landing page with
no scrolling that looks like an early
2000s website
um on animation I want it to be like
this retro animation website and make it
Epic no idea what it's going to do here
but my point is is once you create files
you can just say abandon everything
let's delete the existing files since
we're starting fresh and it will create
a new retro style
website okay it is done let's go ahead
and hit accept all now we're going to
press command R and there we go we have
this early 2000s anim agent welcome to
the hottest animation site on the web
home animations downloads guest book and
right now like when I press so what I
could do is I could actually just
highlight these right here and press
copy and if we go back to cursor if we
go back to cursor I could just paste
this in right
here when I click on each of these can
you please create a different animation
and and within this box I want something
else to pop
up let's go ahead and press accept and
we're going to refresh this now if we
press animations we now have this DVD
Bouncing Around The Edge this is a
classic we can press
downloads obviously these aren't good we
didn't specify what we wanted we can
press guest book whatever we can create
this little fun page right here with
basically no effort okay that's cool I'm
done with this little project right here
and I opened up a new cursor window what
we just did right here and we created
this by using the cursor agent uh to
create all the files within it this is
two files an HTML file and a Javascript
file and we did this by just starting
our own project then asking this AI
agent to create this great awesome now
what we can also do is we can use this
second option which is called clone repo
and when you press it you'll see provide
repository URL or pick a repository
source and so this is GitHub and do not
be afraid I was afraid of GitHub for a
very long time GitHub scared me I have
no idea what the hell all of these files
are right but you do already these files
right here are the those same files that
we had open to create this site right
here this is just two code files right
this is two code files right here and we
created them with the agent in fact we
can open up this project right here
that's made up of two project files and
what we could do is we can actually come
to GitHub which is a place for
developers to save their code and we
could create a new repository and we
could call this
testing uh to files right we can just
call this testing two files and we can
make this a public repository and so if
we create a new repository at testing
two files on my GitHub account which
I'll go over in Greater detail later in
this video but I just want to show you
how easy it is so we can just copy this
link and we can just say I'm going to
say save this project to paste that
repository link that I created just by
typing in testing two files
enter I'm I'm going to say I already
created the repo please load files to
this or commit I don't even know the
official vernacular I just know put this
on GitHub and we're going to press enter
and cursor can actually do this directly
from the agent it says it's doing these
commands which we're going to talk about
a little bit more I don't think we've
seen any commands yet but it is running
these commands and it's automatically
going to create the initial commit and
now let's add the remote repository and
push the
code let's push the code to the main
branch I'm not doing any of this this is
all happening automatically great your
project has successfully been uploaded
now if we refresh the page right here we
see that those two files that we just
created on here are is now on GitHub
this is public code so if you were to
copy this link right here to GitHub
where we just saved our files you could
do this right now if you want to test it
out you could go to cursor and open up a
new window of cursor press clone repo
paste this in right here press enter um
and we can create a new folder called
banana Jones don't know why hit create
select as repository destination open we
now create
this is basically like a template and so
what we did is we forked it I don't know
if this is what a fork is technically it
doesn't matter the point is all of the
public code on GitHub you can just like
clone it and you can start coding from
that point there are licenses you want
to be aware of some code you can't just
freely use to to make money on but for
testing purposes you could just Fork
stuff you can find cool uh GitHub repos
and just Fork it and we just forked our
own repo however there is a certain
template that thousands of people have
used thousands of people have used this
template and what you can do is you can
copy this link this is a nextjs project
and so we did a lot of work getting it
set up so that it connects with a
database which we'll talk about later
and it also is connected with
authentication and we put a lot of work
into this template so that you don't
have to waste time so if we create a new
cursor window let's create a new window
and I want to show you the process of
creating a nextjs project and you'll
notice how much bigger the code base is
there's going to be a lot more files
we're going to hit clone repo we're
going to paste this we're going to press
enter and what we're going to do is I'm
just going to press select repository
destination open and here we have all of
these files and you see this Source
folder this public folder the app folder
which has components which has a lib
folder which has contexts all of these
are different things you can do within
the app and we have it pre-built with a
voice recorder that you can create we
have it uh pre-built so that there's AI
chat built in uh like chat gbt like
features but we'll get to that later
what I want to focus on is doing the
first process which is pressing command
now we're going to press agent and so
now we're going to start out from a
blank template the first thing that we
want to do is we just want to see it
because this template comes with a front
end page to start that is like your
template page and so what we can do is
we can say run this
locally and what this will do is this
will I'll help you run this project
locally first let me check if we have
necessary files and set up to run the
project so it's looking through all the
files it's looking through the
package.json
if when you're starting out don't read
this just focus on what you want to
create and focus on what it has created
and then focus on communicating what you
want to cursor the best you can because
this stuff will just confuse you right
now it's doing npm install and so this
is actually a terminal feature that I'll
also get to later and so here it says
since this project uses Firebase open AI
anthropic deep gram you'll need to set
up the environment variables which she
also get to later don't be don't get
flustered yet all you did was say run
this locally and then it ended up with
creating this document and it gave us
this link right here that says
HTTP uh Local Host 3000 you're going to
press command click this is going to
open up our template so we now have a
nextjs App open and running and if you
think about how long this took all you
had to do is paste in the link press run
this locally now we're in business right
and let's go over some of the features
within here like if you wanted to change
any text in here right this is a page
that we created this is a page within
here and we can find it by pressing this
search bar and since when I started I
didn't know how the code files were
organized I let the AI agent do all of
that and you should do that as well but
if you just want to change text like
imagine if you wanted to change this
right here and you actually just wanted
to use this template because you're not
always going to use this template you
can find anything on GitHub there's
millions of different code bases that
you can start from and what we can do is
we can just paste this in right here and
let me zoom out real quick within cursor
within cursor you can actually see that
it says make anything you imagine and so
we can highlight this and what we can do
is we could um make anything you can
think of exclamation point and then if
you'll notice it didn't change you have
to press command s so you need to save
it command
s and here it made the change make
anything you can think of okay so now
let's change this to make an image
generation app let's just create an AI
powered image generation app and so in
order to do that we're going to press
new and we're creating a new chat
remember we've created zero prompts so
far all we did was say run this locally
we haven't created any prompts for this
project now we're we're going to do our
first one and now we can actually start
creating whatever you want let's go
ahead and try it I want you to create
right now I want you to create a really
cool looking AI image generator and
let's say you have a very specific idea
in your mind let's go to any tool that
you want to use to like uh draft out
a any uh tool that you can use that you
can use tlr draw I personally use
Whimsical and many people have actually
been asking me what tool this is so I'm
just going to say uh and this is not
sponsored these are tools that I use
there's no sponsor in this video let's
go ahead and put Whimsical and let's go
ahead and what we're going to do is
we're going to diagram what we want to
create so I'm going to create this
rectangle and so this will be the site
and let's imagine we wanted to create an
app let's just put um
um describe image here and then and then
let's say that we wanted and so then
let's say we wanted the images to pop up
right here and it doesn't need to be
perfect right we're just creating a
little uh thing and we're just um and
then in the top bar right let's say we
wanted the top bar maybe we want this to
be black and then we can add home okay
so now we can screenshot this you can
actually do this on an actual whiteboard
and draw it out the point is here is
we're giving cursor so if you screenshot
it and then you drag the image
into a cursor here I want you to create
right now I want you to create a really
cool looking AI image generator the
input field will be light purple and I I
will describe the image there and when I
press enter it will generate images in a
grid right now I want you to just put
placeholder
components instead of the images there
I'll add the AI features later I want to
start off by just creating the shell
have a top bar that looks like this
image this is a rough sketch please make
it look professional and have the
background have dots like a gridline
dots in the background that are gray and
like nice and light and not too
demanding I really like that
look so look all we've done paste the
little sketch that we created added this
prompt after owning the template rep
repo by pasting a link and we're
pressing enter we've hardly done any
work and the hardest part now hardest
part for a lot of people is accepting
that this interface is kind of ugly but
if you get past the fact that cursor's
interface is kind of ugly and looks like
a code base then I guarantee you you're
going to be like oh my God I'm so glad I
learned
this so I'm going to press
accept now what we're going to do is
we're going to go back to our Local Host
3 3000 and here we go describe your
image a monkey R uh monkey writing a
dolphin right and here we have the
images um make a make no images show up
until I press enter and I actually want
you to mimic the loading process of
these images and have like a nice little
like blur while they're loading and just
have them load for 3 seconds uh just to
kind of see what it would look like uh
right now I just kind of want to design
this out and depending on the type of
Local Host some of these just
automatically update as you make changes
with the nextjs that does happen so it
just changed without me even having to
press accept and I actually want to talk
about that there's a difference between
pressing save all and accepting all it
used to matter a lot more until cursor
added the feature of the restore and
this is one of the most important
features I can't stress to you how
important important these features are
this feature is which is allows you to
create to restore from a checkpoint that
you created earlier because if we let's
go ahead and look at
this and so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to press accept all I now just
press accept all because I can always go
back and I can now describe an image
right let's zoom in a little bit to see
so we can say a man walking down the
street and we can press enter and and
now we have this nice little animation
and then boom image will appear here and
let's say we didn't like those changes
at all what we can do is we can go back
to before I asked for the previous
change and watch we can actually see
this live right we can press restore
It'll ask you if you want to revert the
file and you can hit continue and so we
can see that it went back to what it
looked like before but let's say a
I actually want to go back great
what you can
do you can click down here and if it
lights back up it automatically restores
it to the latest and then you can
restore it back here right which
restores it back and then we can restore
it back to our previous one which was
our template right this was our template
and now if we come back down here we
click down here boom now we're back at
our latest and you can always go back
okay so what we're going to do here is
we're going to add an AI feature we're
going to add an AI image generation
feature I'm going to show you how I use
apis I'm going to show you an example
and then we're going to circle back and
create a new project cloning a GitHub
repo and then I'm going to talk deeper
about apis so this is going to be kind
of a roundabout examples way of learning
all about cursor but first let's
actually just make this work right so
what I want to do is I'm going to press
new composer we're at a good spot and
the first thing I want to do is I just
want to I don't like this purple I hate
uh this purple please make it darker
dark blue and make update
that across all uh components get rid of
the
purple okay we're going to run
that this got changed to this blue color
I'm going to say man the text is dark
blue we can press enter and now
everything is blue and it looks better I
think let's not worry too much about
design that purple was just like hard
for me to see so now we want for
whatever we or for whatever we type here
right whatever I type here I want this
to turn into images and you're like how
the hell do you do that well what we're
going to be using is we're going to be
using an API and so in very simple terms
I want you to create a little info icon
at the top right of this page that when
I press it it opens up a center Peak
toggle that explains what an API
is explain this very simply like concise
to a beginner and use analogies and make
this easy to understand and why not use
cursor
here okay so now we're going to press
accept we'll come here we see this info
icon press this okay think of an API
application programming interface like a
restaurant's waiter you the customer
don't go directly to the kitchen to
order food instead the waiter the API
takes your order to the kitchen server
the kitchen prepares what you asked for
the waiter brings back exactly what you
ordered right we are creating an app
that allows a user to type in a man on
roller skates there are many PE uh there
are many tools out there you know that
host an API that allow you to generate
an image with a text input and AI is
very good at taking the essential
information about this technology and
converting it into your own tool use and
you need certain things so the first
thing that you need is we're going to
need API
key we're going to need
documentation and and we're going to
need a great
explanation of the feature you want and
the deeper your understanding of
different AI tools the more fun you'll
have building because I all I did for
two years is test different AI tools and
so I can just go out and I can just
connect all these tools together to
create my own super cool AI tools um
when you're just starting out the best
place to learn is a tool called
perplexity you you can also use chat
gpt's uh web feature but I've just been
using perplexity for so long that I'm
just going to use prom mode actually
we're going to use reasoning R1 and I'm
going to say this I'm
creating a
nextjs app you want to make sure that
whatever app you're creating you want to
just specify what it is because the app
that we're using to generate images the
API has different instructions based on
what language you're using so we need to
include that it's nextjs app and I want
a user to be able to
generate uh an image from
text I want the best AI image provider
API to use I already know um I'm just
going to put FAL cuz I know I already
have my API key set up with that and I
think that's a really good platform for
people to understand so we're going to
use that you don't need to include it
right it's often free to test API so you
don't have to pay before you use them
and you just get an API for free so go
ahead and test different apis it's very
fun for this one we're going to use FAL
um please give me the code examples for
generating an image uh using a great
high quality image model
explanation and code examples this
doesn't fully matter basically you want
a how to use it here are code snippet
examples because each one of these tools
has a special uh syntax I think is what
it's called there special way of writing
code to access this
API and we need to give that to cursor
we need to give cursor the instructions
on how to use the technology of whatever
um complexity fine and so here it's
saying it's giving all of the
requirements so here's a solution using
flux one pro via f. API currently
considering one of the highest quality
AI image generators available in 2025
here we have this full thing right here
what we can do is scroll down to the
bottom we can press copy and I'm just
going to um what I'm going to do what
we're going to do is we're going to put
documentation so we need to put the
documentation right here so we're going
to paste all of that in we need to find
an API key as well look at this
falai dashboard SL Keys we can click API
keys right here and boom we can add a
key I'm already signed in I have $20 you
get $20 for free when you sign up for
FAL which is really cool you can
generate a lot of images with $20 so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to hit
add key and I'm going to hit create key
I'm going to delete this key right after
this video because if you could use this
key right now and drain my $20
theoretically but I'm going to delete
this key right after this video and so
you can actually just put your API key
right here and I'm just going to say
beneath this put this in the right place
that works then you give it
documentation and then here at the
bottom I'm going to give it the
explanation all right our app is
perfectly set up for the user to enter
in text and and get out the images the
four images that we generate in those in
the places that we've created
placeholders so replace the placeholders
with actual image generation here is the
documentation for implementing
F and I want to be able to just generate
four images and what we can do if we
wanted let's just go ahead and run this
let's see if this works just by pasting
in some code examp from perplexity
pasting in our API key and our
instructions down here at the bottom
okay so in theory we can actually see
what files it created and it actually
put the key in the wrong place it put
the key directly in this route file so
if you were to deploy this this is not
secure this key is not secure at all so
what we need to do is actually I'm going
to paste this key and say put this in
the EnV file that is
secure and since we're running this
locally this EnV file let's say you were
to upload this to GitHub in the env.
looc file this will be secure this will
not be shown because this key is private
and so anything you put in this env.
looc file will stay secure so you want
to make sure that in the route. TS file
that uses this instead of using this key
right here which is my API key that
needs to say private it's using this
thing that points to it like points to
fou API key which can be found in your
env. looc file fou aior key if that
makes sense so I'm going to press accept
all let's go ahead and see if this works
so we're going to go to Local Host 3000
I'm going to refresh the page make sure
everything's all good now I'm going to
type in a man writing a surf board in
Hawaii and press
enter Local Host 3000 failed to generate
images please try again so what I want
to do is this is good if you get an
error you can actually screenshot it
anytime I get an error I just screenshot
I'm trying to grab as much information
as possible some other things that you
can do when you run into a problem is
you can press right you can write click
and press inspect and then you can go to
console and here we have some
information so we have uh we can copy
this and we can actually just paste this
back in however I just wanted to see if
this would work just with perplexities
information but what we need to do is we
might need to give it more useful
information I'm going uh going to give
you more info on FAL image models and
what we're going to do is we're going to
come back here and we're going to go to
perplexity and I'm going to just copy
this right here I'm going to paste this
in I need docs for image generation give
me inline links that are
relevant just links to the docs and so
here main FAL flux documentation great
we're going to copy this let's or let's
just go ahead and open it flu image
generation and so we can click on this
so we can also see playground and so
playground is where you can actually
test things so like this is extreme
closeup of a single eye tiger and we can
actually just run this directly in the
app and if open AI has a playground
where you can test the language models
and thropic has a playground where you
can test language models look at this
this is cool extreme closeup of a tiger
and so this one is flux Pro the newest
version of plux maintaining okay this is
pretty cool um and we could change this
to the word flux fluxmaster
run and we can do some testing and this
is a good way to test different image
models text models voice models in
playground prior to adding it to your
app because it is going to basically do
this same exact thing in your app except
the output is going to show up in your
front end right that's what you're
paying them for you're paying flux to do
this technology to do this uh text to
image and put it into your app that's
what you're paying flux for and so what
we might want to do here is we might
want to just get the examples so if we
click uh playground right here we can
hit um form we can also change this to
JavaScript which is what we're using
nextjs is Javascript and we can actually
just hit copy so this is the input
uh result Json so we're now getting the
result code so I'm going to paste this
in right here this is my code from the
playground because we want to just give
them relevant examples you want to make
sure that that was input here is output
and then here we have this Json we can
copy this and we can paste it in right
here we can show the logs there's no
logs what we we can do is we can just
run this so let's go ahead and run it
and one thing I just made changes to my
environment uh env. loal file anytime
you do that it's good to rerun your
server and I could ask the agent to uh
restart my Local Host that's what I
normally say or you could come into the
terminal which scares a lot of people
and I think it's uh npm
runev and this will actually open this
up on 3 01 and we can command click on
this and run it again and honestly don't
do that if that even is sort of
confusing you can just say rerun it
because you do want to rerun your server
after you make changes to your env. loal
file so I'm going to press accept on
these changes I'm going to refresh the
page here now describe the image you
want to generate Man flying a kite we're
going to run this this is looking good
it should take a little while to load
um you know the loading indicators
aren't great okay failed to generate
images you know what not everything is
that easy all we let's just copy this
and we're going to paste this in and
we're saying I'm still getting errors
with FAL please fix
them okay let's restart
this now let's test this again uh man
with sun glasses
wearing a shirt that
says cursor is lit come on come
on please AI Gods yes there we go cursor
is lit okay how do we download them okay
so let's actually that's seems like a
good thing to do you please create a
option to for on all the images to one
click download and one click copy this
should be uh on the top right of each
one as little icons don't have text have
icons just allow me to copy and download
the copy icon should have a slight
little animation when I press
it and so here we just created a basic
front end for an AI image
generator and you can use this for
various purposes this could be for
graphics for Instagram for YouTube
thumbnails you can train your own model
there's a ton of different things once
you start adding many different features
so here it's loading let's see if this
works okay I don't see it updating on
the front end here let's try this again
just refresh this page here we'll paste
this in we'll run that same
prompt and hopefully when these images
pop up it will show the ability to okay
weird we got got this error so remember
when you get an error when you get an
error let's go ahead and we're going to
go to cursor let's just open up a new uh
chat say when the images loaded I got
this
error and this happened after I tried to
add the copy and download buttons so as
you can see here and when you uh work in
nextjs and we're in nextjs you do get
more errors because the codebase is just
bigger so anytime you get an error you
just copy the whole error and you paste
it in try to describe exactly what's
happening to the best of your ability
and then uh yeah see if it fixes it so
what we're going to do here is we're
going to now um paste in a man with a
zra okay it's done as you can see here
now it has this weird
components um however it does have it so
if I press copy it gives that little
animation
and we can download we can download and
we can download and we can download I
could ask cursor to fix this part right
here um but I actually don't want to
continue with this project I want to go
over how to use GitHub repos I want to
use a repo I've never used before and
how I navigate using a new GitHub repo
as a starting point for one of my
internal apps or an app that I want to
make money on and so let's go ahead and
focus on that we're going to clone a
repo create a project then we're
actually going to deploy this one on the
internet okay so let's pause for a
second and recap what we've talked about
so far in this video so we went over
cursor and we talked about how to
download cursor on cursor. comom and
then we went over the different parts of
cursor like the composer all of your
files within your codebase and then
where you view the files and we also
talked about how you can ask composer to
run it
locally and then you can view it in web
view on Local Host and then if you get
an error when running it on your Local
Host like we created the AI image
generator and we got a few consecutive
errors this is going to happen every
single time that happens you want to
copy the errors in your console and you
do this uh it's you can press uh
rightclick on the website anywhere and
you're going to press
inspect and then at the the top at the
top there's going to be some uh a tab
that you're going to press it's going to
be
console and there you can find
information so if we're on the website
we can click inspect and then
um up here you press console and you'll
see the errors right here and you can
paste those errors into composer and you
say hey this is not working this or that
that happened here are the errors here
you go and it will
then right uh it will generate new code
so the process is you speak or type and
in order to speak I use an app called
whisper flow and it just allows me to
type faster because I can just do uh
speak the built-in Mac speech to text is
just not very good cursor composer will
then generate the code and then it gets
applied to the code base whether that
means adding removing or editing code
files and then if you click on a code
file you can see them here and you can
make changes directly but since we are
software composing or Vibe coding uh we
are just focusing on using Ai and that's
what makes these tools so revolutionary
is we have an AI agent who can make
these decisions so we can just focus on
our end goal and this is just a a brief
overview we haven't really talked about
planning we have not yet talked about
using apis at a very deep enough level
and we haven't talked about databases
right if you were to refresh the last
app that we created all of that data is
gone so we're going to talk about that
later so for the rest of the video I am
going to divide the rest of the video
into two parts the first part is going
to be we're going to just create some
design so we're going to do some static
pages and then we're going to build an
app
uh we're going to build an app with
database
authentication and we are going to
deploy it to versel so we're going to
put it on the internet we're not just
going to run it uh locally we're going
to give it a domain on the internet and
then we are going to give it a custom
domain and this will allow you to create
an actual app that your friends can sign
into and this is step one you want to
learn how to do this before you learn
about payments I I suggest building apps
for yourself before you try and build
apps for others focus on that so let's
start off with designs this is something
that I'm really I've been obsessed with
recently and I think a lot of things
that we do in society people are going
to start doing it a lot more and making
little websites and really cool
personalized websites things like
resumés so things like resumés
are getting a lot easier to create and
it's very cool it's a cool way to stand
out uh things like link trees if you're
a Creator you know that link tree is
massive and being able to find relevant
links it's somewhat like a resume in a
way where you can find all of the
interesting things about you and then
landing pages this is a great place to
get people to convert to sign up for
your newsletter to sign up for your app
to sign up for whatever and just like
simple websites the design is very fun
and very easy to do I just really think
this is a great place to start so let's
talk about design guess what we're going
back to perplexity I want to make a
really cool landing page that has really
elegant and fun
animations and I want to use a new
library and test out new uh simple
Frameworks for animation I want you to
suggest simple Hub repos that I can use
right now to try out different uh to
test out different types of
animations and I want these to be
lightweight great for landing pages
please list these out right now and so
what I'm doing and let me break down
this prompt what I'm doing right now I'm
trying to use get as a entry point to
create a fun landing page and I think
this is a really great way to learn the
same way that people on Mid Journey um
they use what are called
SRS um which is represented by D-
sref um right um if you type in--
sref you'll find that there are a bunch
of libraries of different srfs and that
kind of points to a different style um
and a lot of people who do graphic
design come to these sites be like okay
I want to create designs that have this
Vibe or this Vibe and when you're
generating images you put in this srf
and that gives you um images in that
style and I think of GitHub that's I
think of GitHub in a very similar way
where like you can use GitHub for
inspiration and so we have this animated
landing page Gap sherry. JS no idea what
this really means and before I learned
about coding and learned how to use
GitHub none of this was available to me
but now we have these AI models that it
can search through a bunch of different
projects that people have uploaded to
GitHub and we can just surf through them
without having to know how to code and
we can get explanations using um using
perplexity and that's awesome and so
here we have this right here here's the
repo and we can click on this repo and
you can look into it but for me I'm just
going to I actually noticed that that
repo only had one star so please find
popular
ones okay
so here's one called anime JS and so
let's find the GitHub link here it is
let's click on this okay this one looks
very popular and look at that that looks
cool right and so we see these really
cool animations all right you know what
this looks fun let's go ahead and try
this so we're going to copy this link
and let's go ahead and open up curs C
and we are at a new window let's go
ahead and just clone this repo and we
can create a new folder and we're going
to create a um let's call these
onepage projects and we're going to hit
create and we're going to hit select as
repository destination and we're going
to create a landing page okay so this
GitHub repo is open and it's called
anime
we have some files here that are loaded
on the left the first thing that I
noticed is we have documentation and I'm
seeing examples here and so these are
layered animations this looks like some
stuff that we might be able to use at
the very least we can use these examples
to make sure that cursor creates
animations with this new library
correctly there's a lot of different
libraries out there and this anime thing
that we just download loaded is a
library that might be uh something that
Claude is really familiar with like
python Claude has trained on tons of
python data but it might might not be
fully familiar with anime I have no idea
but what we can always do is type in at
examples and just tag the file and say
look at these examples and then make
sure you correctly create like key
frames speed stagger demo I don't know
you can use this as examples and so
that's very useful to know what I want
to wonder is I'm just going to go ahead
and ask composer I'm going to say can
you please tell
me
if um I'm able to run locally anything
from the documentations folder I'm
wondering if we can run that index.html
file to see what's in there and I'm just
going to go like this at documentation
and we're just going to tag the whole
folder and we can run this and yes you
can run the documentation folder looking
at the files here it is generating the
command and this command is on the
terminal and uh it's running it and then
it should give me a link where I can run
this locally by the way so these
commands right here when you're using
agent mode when you first see one of
these you're probably going to get like
an accept or reject these in your
terminal cuz this is the terminal right
here you can see the integrated terminal
you can find it right here however they
show up right here when you're in the
cursor agent mode and there is a setting
within cursor that allows you to bypass
the accept and reject and it
automatically accepts them and that's
the mode that I have on and it's called
YOLO y mode and if you go to General
features and then scroll down to YOLO
[Music]
mode there enable YOLO mode I recommend
starting with that because I don't even
fully know what things I should accept
or reject so yeah I just have YOLO mode
on and so let's go ahead and uh get out
of that and here it says that it is
running on Local Host so I'm going to
copy
this what I'm going to do I'm going to
open up a new
tab and we're now running this it is
just a gray screen so I'm just going to
say that and we'll see if there's Uh
something's wrong let me see let me
check the structure of the main
index.html file I see the issue the
documentation is trying to load some
resources from paths that don't exist
got it so now it's automatically running
these commands you can pop them out into
the terminal if you want to see them
sometimes that helps speed up the
process okay so now we're running it on
this new
folder um and so we can type in Local
Host SL documentation SL examples so we
can click on
these got it that's cool okay really
cool so this is one of the animations
you can create in this library and now
we're checking this out see this is why
I love GitHub so much I just downloaded
this code online and now I'm getting so
many ideas let's decide what our project
is while we're going through these I
want to create recreate The Lovable
landing page right idea to app in
seconds except we're going to make it
sick we're going to add some extra
things to it and it's going to be
awesome I just thought of this as a good
starting point this is the app that
we'll try and create we're just going to
use theirs uh as an example let's do
that but let's use these from the
library let's just keep going through
this oh wow that's sick actually that's
insane um okay so the first thing that
we're going to do is we're just going to
screenshot this app right here let's go
ahead and just get this whole page what
we're going to do is we're going to copy
this to our clipboard now what we're
going to do is we're going to open up
cursor and we're going to say the
following so let's close this up real
quick close documentation
now what we're going to do is we're
going to go into composer agent mode and
we're going to say I want you to create
a new document that is a landing page
for my app and I want you to start off
by making it look like
this except where they mention app I
want you to say design this is going to
be an idea to design tool and it's an
agent that creates designs for you and
it's going to be awesome I'm going to
paste that picture in here call
it agent toate the agent who animates
your ideas build this
site this landing page except I want you
to
use some cool animations in that uh just
around the app that match the the
examples in the and so yeah we'll see
how it does here so here it says let me
create a modern landing page it's
creating an
index.html file and this will likely be
added over here and there it is and so
we can take a look here and it is 236
lines of
code and let's see if they ran it cool
okay so we're going to accept this now
we're I'm going to say run this locally
let's see what it does
here so it's now running this command
our server is now running on Local Host
3000 what we can do let's go ahead and
come over
here and we are going to go like this
and here we go idea to design in seconds
your superhuman AI design partner start
creating today for free okay I like it I
don't like the orange let's first
specify change the orange to like a dark
like a a red pink uh all instances of
that and idea to design in
seconds um okay features pricing about
how did lovable look okay so we're going
to need like some sort of
logo to go right here and let's just get
rid of these right here these section
are ugly get rid of them and here I want
you to create a really cool animation
and use anything that you need from the
examples folder um as inspiration to
create the illusion that uh you can
animate anything with just your ideas
and you can uh use an AI agent to create
your
animation let's go ahead and press
accept now we'll come back over here
we're going to press command
R and here we go
okay I like the idea that it has here I
actually sort of dig this let's go ahead
and upload this right here okay I
actually really like this idea instead
of just having like it being typed out
to the top can we actually make the
typing look more like real with let's
actually put perplexity
on dark mode nice okay okay let's use
this right here and I included an image
ignore the buttons and everything in
there please make it look like that as
you type um just like a clean input
field except make it way taller and
include the animation like and make the
components that it's animating like
really really cool and if you need to
make a different file and then render it
in index.html go ahead and do that I
know the index.html file is getting
larger
all right let's take a look okay make it
float now spin it not bad let's make it
morph all right kind of ugly but I like
the idea I'm going to go ahead and
screenshot
this there's too many like pills or uh
backgrounds of components it should be
just that like light gray that's in the
background and then there should not be
those two containers around the text
field nor should there be a new black
container around the animation and let's
choose something else for the animation
like make it like a really cool
component like a full component come up
with some realistic changes to like a
full component make it look like a
computer component and then say change
the aspect ratio and then have it change
from a horizontal rectangle to a
vertical rectangle and so just focus on
cleaning up just just this
component okay let's go ahead and accept
this now let's go back to our design
here aent toate we're going to
refresh nice I like this back to
horizontal okay so let's refresh it what
does it do here it's a little
underwhelming make it horizontal make it
a black to Blue gradient with a call to
action then
reflect that change then for the um next
one which is make it hover and make it
Glow and have a white glow wa behind it
so we can fully customize
this all all right let's go ahead and
accept all Now command R and here we go
let's make it horizontal and make it a
black to Blue
gradient all right that got cut off so
it's starting off on
this so it's starting off on this one
also make them faster so make the typing
speed faster and then also make them
Loop so they should never
stop okay this is cool let's go ahead
ahead and hit
accept and we're going to hit refresh
okay so it's not perfect we
screenshotted it we're putting it back
into cursor composer okay I want you to
take a really close look at the
component uh that has the uh typing and
the changing components I need you to
make sure that the previous change is
held there all of this seems like an
endless rotation and so you should
change the last animation to the first
one and make that match in the prompt so
it's like a continuous clean
flow and yeah we can just ideate we can
take all of our ideas and we'll watch it
go to
work okay let's see okay that looks a
little bit better make it vertical and
hover good now rotate it
okay not bad stop rotting and make it
big Shake It Up all right all
right okay that's not a bad rotation I
feel like that's pretty smooth please
change the font to Poppins and then I
want you to add another component that
shows the assembling of components and I
want you to use examples from this and
if you guys remember earlier we started
going through some of the these
documentations and so here's this
transforms
demo
and this is in the files so in the
examples there is this transforms demo
and
match the color of the site let's take a
look and see what it did so let's go
ahead and accept this we're going to
press command R so we still have this
this is whack I literally can't see
anything on this you see how small it is
down at the bottom what's going on
here can you please make this um this
new one make it these circles go into
the middle and then flash out to like a
really clean red component um that looks
like a section of a
website wow in white I want to add text
to that and then I want you to get rid
of that gray background that's behind it
just have it on without any background
that that red stuff and then and then
move that up above the component that
shows the typing to edit the animations
M just have the header text on that and
then also rotate everything down you in
the in in your recent changes you moved
everything uh too far up and now it's
off the screen so we're now typing these
in we're making changes we're just
vibing like this is the essence of vibe
coding we're we're using this package
that we learned we found this example in
the documentation and I like it a lot
and it's like takes all the like your
idea shoots it in the middle now it
shoots it out
okay oo that's kind of clean every time
that there is a new component that it
pops up cuz right now it's on a loop
where it circles to the middle and it
pops out with the component I want you
to change the component every time it
comes out so now it's horizontal and
then I want it to be a vertical
component
um and then I want it to be a um a
component with a square in the middle
that has like animating or a rectangle
in the middle that has like animations
going through it and yeah keep the top
bar the same and the the out border the
same for all of them so it should all
look like a Mac window okay let's see
boom I dig that so that's a good first
animation let's see the second one
all right I dig it I like it it's a cool
design simple easy to understand that
one's a little bit much and then it
should Loop okay cool I actually like
this and then this can be about like
editing your animation and so I think we
should add a component between this
let's go ahead and say that so let's
open up a new composer
here
um let's
screenshot this okay that's good good in
between these two sections I want you to
make a testimonials section and I want
you to add like this should be like and
there should be spacing in between the
top of this component and then the
bottom of this new component and I'm
going to give you an image of the style
to follow and then we should go back to
lovable I liked their section I guess
theirs was a little bit lower
uh use this except come up with ones for
like creating designs so it should be
very similar idea but just like Focus
mostly on
designs all right let's see the changes
here looks good Loved By Design
innovators change this
to um blue
text um what else here let's let's see
how it
looks like this I mean this is pretty
solid I like it and it's like narrow as
it gets
skinnier um I
think uh between these sections add a
line like a white line that doesn't go
that far across just a little line
break make it look cool this separates
the
sections okay so this is coming together
take a look at this so here's our
app and we can scroll down loved by
designers and innovators and we have
this edit section I do want to add a few
more
things for this bottom section can you
please add a title section that says
edit your animations just by
typing and please add a white line break
between this section and the one above
it very similar
to uh the the other line breaker okay so
now we're going to hit accept let's
refresh this and looking good love by
designers nice where's my
header where's the header that says edit
your animations with typing right here
but we do have this line break please
add a uh footer at the bottom and I want
to be a to scroll down to get to the
footer so a good amount of spacing
between the last component and the and
the footer okay there we have it and we
have loved by Design innovators and edit
your animation just by typing and this
looks pretty good and we added this
footer so let's say that we're done and
we're like okay let's go ahead and put
this on the internet We Just Vibe coded
this we had a good time going through
the motions using cursor now we want to
put this on the internet and so the
first thing that we should do is we need
to go to GitHub and on GitHub create an
account and I think we talked about it
earlier but we created a git repository
and we need to do that again so this
repository name I'm going to go ahead
and make this public so you can see my
code if you go to my profile I'm going
to call this
a
agentmate and I'm going to say agentmate
landing page make this public and we're
going to hit create new repository after
we create the repository we are going to
click copy now we're going to go back to
cursor and in a new composer we are
going to paste in this link and say
push
um I created a new GitHub repo
at this link right here I just initiated
it and I want you to push this code to
that and it is a public repo let's put
it on GitHub and when you say before you
do this you might need to say I want to
sign in on GitHub please help me do that
and the agent will actually help you do
it so you need to set up an account on
GitHub the first thing you're going to
do is set up an account on GitHub and
then tell the agent you want to
uh set up your GitHub account and it
will take you through the steps to
connect cursor to GitHub because I have
these connected so all I need to do is
this um and I can just run this and it
will actually push our code to GitHub
and you'll be able to Fork it and use it
immediately within your own project to
use it however you want to use it so it
says now let's stage all the files let's
push the code to the GitHub repository
and here this is what we want to see we
want to see that files are being
uploaded and we
wait great I've successfully pushed it
and all we need to do I believe is press
command
R and there we go here is our code and
we are now on GitHub now what you're
going to do if we want to put this on
the internet there's a lot of apps you
could use to put it on the internet
we're going to deploy it to versel and
what we are going to do since we've
already pushed it uh have GitHub we can
import the agentmate landing page that
we've created because when you sign into
versell you'll sign in through GitHub so
we can press
import framework other root uh
repository let's just hit deploy let's
see what happens if we do this so we are
using versell to put it on the internet
they're going to be hosting right now
we're using Local Host but we need a
provider to host it so other people can
go to the uh site or app and use it and
it costs money based on how much it's
used basically and so what we want to do
is we want to get it to successfully
upload however there are some
requirements so what I'm going to do is
I'm actually going to copy um this link
um right here yeah so the project name
I'm going to copy this and I'm going to
go back to cursor and I'm going to say I
just tried to um deploy this app to
versel and I got this error and the
error message popped up on versel and it
said this right here please fix this and
prepare this project for deploying on
versel and then do it and so cursor can
actually communicate directly with
versel and again you might have I forget
how the signin process works but just
say you want to sign in to versell to
your cursor agent and you will uh figure
it out um I remember I did it when I was
first starting out it wasn't too
difficult and if you could always ask
perplexity if you run into any problems
so I've made the necessary
changes
um okay do it now directly and give me
deployed link
I know for a fact you can yes you can
I've done it you've helped me do it many
times sometimes it doesn't think it can
but it can yeah I apologize for my
oversight you're right we can use the
versel CLI to deploy directly let's
install all right cool and then it's
going to ask you questions here just uh
press I just press enter no link to
different existing project no what's
your project name I think if you just
press enter okay no you have to type
something in um
Landing um agent toate in what directory
is your uh is it located just press
enter and now this is loading and so now
this is being push to versel it's
building we'll see if it succeeds it
says great your project is a success
and then it gave us this link right here
you can also inspect the deployment
there okay so let's paste this in and
there we go idea to design in seconds
powered by Design innovators nice great
so this is deployed at this link right
here a genate landing page. verel doapp
so that means you could type that into
your web browser and you should still be
able to it I don't think I'll change it
by the time you watch this video but you
can now see this app or site on the
internet which is what we want we're
building this app for other people to
see as well um so yeah you can see it
but you might be thinking wait I hate
that uh domain right I want to choose my
own domain great let's go over that
process let's go to a website like name
chep you can also use GoDaddy or
wherever you buy your domains I
personally buy my domains on name she
and before this video I purch just one
just like thought of one that would be
fun and I thought aent toate was a cool
name it was $11 it's pretty cool so I
bought it on name CH it's where you can
buy domains you can simply type in names
of websites you want to buy and you can
buy domains on name cheet I've bought
aent mate.com I am going to go to
Advanced DNS settings so um what am I
going to do okay yeah so I'm going to go
after I bought bought the domain I'm
simply going to select the um I'm going
to click on dashboard and then what I'm
going to do is I'm going to hit manage
on agent mate.com and then what I'm
going to do is I'm going to press
Advanced DNS then I'm going to delete
these right here now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to go to versel and I'm
going to bring verel I'm going to bring
versel side by side so I'm actually
going to just t I'm going to go back to
vsels homepage here we have aent toate
landing page we're going to click on
this we're going to click on settings I
believe and we're going to click on
domains and we're going to click edit
and we're going to click and we're going
to use aent
imate.com
and this is
production no redirect
save wait I did something wrong I added
an M after there we go okay save now it
says set the following record on your
DNS provider and so this is an a value
and so all this means is it's a type a
name at Value 766
2121 what we're going to do here is we
are going to go to um on name chap we're
going to pass add new record right here
add new record and this is going to be
be an a record and the host is going to
be at so a at and then this value right
here and then we're going to press save
changes okay and then I realized we
actually need to add a c name so I just
act cursor what I need to do to add a c
name and here it is so we need to enter
c name record with the value of this so
we're going to add a c name with a Val
value of this and then www so
www and we can hit
enter and we should be good so let's
refresh this and so all we need to do
now is we need to type in
agentmate and here we go it is on the
internet at
agent.com deploy it on the internet
clean website right here and so we did
it we did some really cool design work
in my opinion I don't know about you
okay so before we move on to a more
complex project with databases
authentication more AI features I just
want to do a breakdown of what we've
done so let's really think about what
we've done in this last section we went
to perplexity and we explored perplexity
which is an AI powered search engine
basically and we just looked for any
open-source GitHub repos that have cool
animations cool libraries that make cool
animations and so we did that we found
this GitHub link it was called anime on
GitHub and it had like really cool
animation examples and the animations
are really cool and so we basically
forked this project and we did that by
simply pasting this link into cursor so
all we did was ask a question find a
link paste that link into cursor and
then it loaded all the files from that
link so it's like a starting template in
cursor and you could see the files in
the left window and then we iterated on
it we asked it to create new files and
to use examples from the files that were
in this GitHub repo and it used the
examples and it created a pretty cool
design if we go to aent mate.com we can
see that I don't know if I would have
created this without that one example
that we used and I just think these are
like pretty cool animations obviously we
didn't spend that long like 30 minutes
making this but I think this site looks
pretty good for just like and then here
it says now rotate it and we created
some pretty cool rotations and we used
this random GitHub repo as inspiration
which is pretty cool and so um and we
were running it locally just by asking
composer you just ask composer run it
locally and so that's how we could see
it in the Local Host so every time we
made changes to the code we could see it
on this web View
once we were done we deployed it or we
committed it to GitHub we posted it on
GitHub I don't even know the vernacular
I just know that if I say um put this
code on GitHub after creating a
repository cursor's like yep got you fam
and then it uploaded the code to GitHub
right we can go to GitHub right now and
we can see that we have created if we go
to our repositories which are just like
the projects that we create we can see
this agent toate landing page and here
uh we see all of our code we just asked
cursor to make this and then we deployed
it to verel and you can always just ask
cursor for all of the instructions on
how to deploy to versel depending on the
type of code you have this process uh
might be a little bit different but with
AI if you just ask AI how to deploy it
you will uh you can get it deployed to
versell and once you get it on versell
it'll give you this like app domain so
I'm pretty sure like versell do
agentmate uh. verell doppers something
like that and then we used uh name cheap
I bought a gate.com for fun and then I
connected that domain to the versel
deployment and so they're basically
hosting the code so that anytime anyone
can go to it and use the app they are
hosting it so that's kind of the overall
thing that we did so now we're going to
do a very similar process I'm not going
to start off by finding a repo we're
going to start off with our template
once again and now we're actually going
to build an app that not only not only
can you go and see the app in Local Host
we're also going to add a database which
means as the
user as uh and so it'll be like an
internal company tool that will allow
you to do something important
and each member of your team will be
able to sign in and so it's going to
have a database meaning the work that
they do on this app will be saved to
their profile so it's going to have a
database it's going to have
authentication because in order to store
the data in the right place you need to
have authentication so it knows what
users signing in and yeah we're going to
do a database authentication we're going
to have
multiple AI features and we're going to
do this same process again except we're
going to create a useful tool and so I
wanted to uh in this video I really
wanted to get some repetition and do
many projects so you can see it get
practice doing different types of
projects because the only thing that
will make you better at this is finding
ideas and taking action and trying to
get to the final outcome we are going to
be focused on the outcome okay I want to
talk about the problem that I want to
solve with my next app and the problem
that I want to solve is somewhat Niche
it's would help me and I think it would
help a decent amount of other people I'm
not saying it could be a millions of
user app but my problem is that I love
the new deep research feature from chat
GPT currently it is only on the $200 per
month plan and it generates full
research reports after thinking for a
very long time and the one thing I don't
like about it is it's just too much text
and so I want to be able to export it
with cool images every once in a while
so I want to create an app that allows
me to just come in here after it does
all of this research because it's just
so like look at how long this is um and
I want to be able to copy and paste This
research copy it paste it somewhere and
then be able to add in like a uh for
each section
add in a graphic and as we've been
talking about recently we've talking a
lot about um JavaScript and HTML
Graphics this video that's how we
created our landing page and we could
easily take this information and
generate a chart generate cool quotes
cool animations to actually make it more
fun to read so that there's a lot more
images and things like that so I think
that would be a fun project to work on
and yeah I'll show you let's go ahead
and let's just
let's dive into this the first thing I
want to do is I want to come up with
some just some ideas on like what these
charts will look like so create a chart
using examples to show how many
programmers will exist in 2030 from now
2025 from 17 million programmers to 100
million um make it uh elegant and cool
okay so I'm just trying to get an idea
of what it'll look like I mean look at
these charts like we could have it
automatically generate these charts um
to show different ideas and this is just
really cool so yeah let's just send it
and so what I did here is I just pasted
this image into bear uh to be note and
I'm going to just get a screenshot of
this and now what we're going to do I'm
going to copy that to my clipboard now
let's just list out our idea to cursor
so we're going to go to cursor okay
let's get started on our project and
we've done this process before we're
going to start using our react native
template and all we do to do that is
just go to clone repo and we're going to
paste in a link from GitHub I have it
pinned to my clipboard app that I use so
I can just immediately access it I use
it all the time and we're going to press
enter and we're going to I'm going to
create a new folder and I'm going to
call this deep reearch View and I'm
going to hit select repository
destination and we're going to hit open
now what we're going to do is we're
going to press command I to open up
composer we've done this before remember
and we're going to hit agent my idea for
an app
is and again so here is just a quick
outline that I created of my app idea
and I actually had to think about this
for a second because I want to do this
in steps so the steps will be to allow
the user to paste in a link right the or
paste in and deep
research um markdown report right it's
just text and markdown format and then
this will automatically load blank
blank animation
canvases and I want to be able to click
on those
canvases and paste my own code to create
those animations and you might be
thinking wait why wouldn't you use AI to
generate that and then also like why
wouldn't it happen automatically and I
have found that when you're using AI
features figure out how to get it so
that you can just paste it in and then
you can basically
uh use AI to uh create the process of
pasting it in right we because we want
to solve this in steps right we want to
solve these being able to be rendered
right these cool animations to be
rendered in a markdown format right and
we can paste in the code for each one
and then we can add the AI features that
where you can click on the code describe
the image and then AI will uh look at
the page for that section and create a
chart for you but I I think the best
first step would just be to do it
manually and I think we can do it
relatively quickly and then we can
figure out how to use AI to generate
these animations based on a list of
examples so let's go ahead and get
started we are starting from this
template and remember this template
right here built in right this template
built in has uh the ability to sign in
with Google and so we can actually set
up the database and the
authentication right from the beginning
and in this case I'm actually going to
do that for my idea for an app is I'm
going to paste in that text that I just
showed you and then I'm also going to
paste in that image that I took uh like
this uh which is like the bare note that
shows how it's a markdown file with a
cool chart the user should
immediately have to
sign in with Google if not signed in
they should not be able to add the
report um paste in
markdown okay so we're pasting that in
there and it's going to go to work and
while that works we actually need to set
up our database and this process is
actually actually simpler than it looks
and we are going to be using Google
Firebase there's a lot of different
database providers you can use I think
Firebase is the best to use when you're
starting out because it's the easiest in
my opinion and Claude really understands
the documentation of Firebase it just
understands how to use Firebase because
it's probably in their training data a
ton and so what we're doing here is
we're allowing the users to sign in and
add data to but you need to hook it up
via an API very similar to how we set up
the image generator API earlier we need
to connect basically I think of this
like a Google Cloud for the app that's
basically all the database is and so we
need to create a project on
firebase.com that's what I've done so
far go to Google uh firebase.com it's
free to get set up and if you used it
for your internal team it would be free
uh for a while it's it doesn't start
getting expensive until you have a lot
of users or you have a lot of data
uploaded and so let's go ahead we're
going to type in our project name and
we're calling this deep research visual
I forgot what we call it doesn't matter
we're going to hit continue and then
it's going to ask us to enable Google
analytics I'm not going to do that right
now that adds an unnecessary step that
we can always go back and add that later
and so this is loading and
basically what we're doing is we're
setting up a Google Cloud the same way
you have your docs and you have your
spreadsheets in your Google Cloud we're
setting that up for the project if you
go to my app and sign in this is where
the data will be stored right the data
will be stored on Google Firebase and
you can think of the database as
anything that you would put in the
spreadsheet like text like dates uh
links URLs things like that will go in
the database and
uh you can see here we can build a lot
of different things right here we can
create a firestore database we can
create storage we can create
authentication and we're going to do
that in just a second but what I want
you to focus on is right here we're
creating a web app so we need to
actually create a web app and we need to
get Firebase keys for this app and so
I'm just going to call this visual I it
doesn't matter uh register the app and
what this is going to do here is this is
going to give us some API key keys so
there are six keys that it just created
for me I'm covering these up because you
need to keep these separate always keep
your API Keys private and so it gives
you an API key an off domain project ID
storage bucket message sender ID and app
ID do not don't look into these you
don't need to worry about that for now
if you're just getting started you just
need to paste these Keys into the
template that we've created for you and
I'll show you exactly where you need to
do that So Below the keys there's
actually this copy button and what I'm
going to do is I'm going to come back
I'm going to come into our composer and
say here are my keys put them where they
need to
go uh in EnV file format them properly
please now all right now I'm going to
paste them and run this prompt I'm going
to do it off camera because I want to
keep those keys private awesome so it
added my keys into this env. loal file
which is great so now we are connected
the API keys are connected but there's
one final step that we need to take we
need to actually go and create the
database and these are only a couple
clicks so we're creating this
database and what we're doing is we are
going to create a database here we're
going to hit next and we're going to hit
start in test mode create
once that is done it should look like
this this is where your data will be
stored then you're going to hit build
again you're going to go to storage and
then you're going to press this button
and you want to upgrade the project so
once you uh set up this payment account
this I'm pretty sure you will not get
charged for this and you can create like
a maximum budget you can literally make
it $10 I'm just going to say $30 for
this this is once you like really start
update like uploading a ton of things to
store storage they basically just want
you to create like a payment account for
it and so we're just going to hit
continue and we're just going to hit
link uh billing account and we're going
to hit done once it's done it should
look like this final step we need to add
authentication this will allow people to
sign in with Google any site that you
come to and you're like sign in with
Google that's exactly what we're doing
right now you're going to hit get
started you're going to hit Google
you're going to hit enable you're going
to hit uh whatever your default email
wherever you created this account with
will be this support email for the
project and just hit save once you do
that we are done with this page we can
go back to cursor for the rest of the
time okay so we ran that first prompt
and then we said to put the API keys
where they need to go for the Firebase
and so now I'm just going to ask please
run this
locally and you could also go into
terminal and type in npm runev to run it
but let's just go ahead and make sure
everything's set up properly and when in
doubt just use the agent because it has
access to every feature on cursor so
please run this
locally um then we're going to click on
this link Local Host 3000 and here it is
so welcome to deep research view we can
just press sign in with Google and this
should work we should be able to sign in
with whatever email we want continue
we've created this
account and okay so it just has an input
markdown
and I want to be able to paste in this
link right here so let's just go ahead
and I'm going to paste this in to our
app and look at this we now have this
right here we have obviously it's not
perfect this seems to be some like weird
coding formatting which is fine um
that's cool I like it this is good and
then it has these
add animations and so if we click
animations we can paste our anime
animation code here create example code
right here and I'll copy it and paste it
in there create a doc that I can copy
the whole thing and paste it
in okay we need to test this again so we
need to go to cursor composer the same
thing that we've done earlier we need to
go back to Local Host you need to paste
it in okay okay hopefully it fixed the
error what we can do is we can give it
one of the code Snippets that it
suggested for us so we'll click add to
animation and let's go ahead and paste
in this
one save animation there we go we have a
very simple animation there
okay this is cool this is cool I can
very easily see how we can create the
app that we want here let's actually go
uh to to a new composer window I'm going
to paste in this text and I'm just going
to say please give
me another one that
summarizes this first
section
adhere
to um adhere to proper formatting and
sizing rules just give it to me uh in
chat not
in code in the code
base and so we're just going to tell the
agent
okay whoops I didn't paste in this we'll
paste in this right
here because we want it to summarize the
cursor composer welcome to cursor your
favorite companion okay yeah we're going
to need to make
some changes to this but that's okay so
we can actually oh still goes uh we can
remove this so like if we remove it and
hit save animation oh boy okay that
might be a problem but let's just paste
it in hit save animation okay now it
just says welcome to cursor your
friendly animation companion make it
more fun and um more uh light
movement have
a
placeholder logo for
cursor
and make it um in the
center and then
have the key topics like going across
the bottom of the screen like a ticker
of like a stock show at the bottom I
don't know oh wow oh wow this is long
okay chill
bro um let's copy this
now let's come
here paste in the new one save
animation okay welcome to curser real
time help okay so we can make these
better we can make these better okay so
I just spent like 20 minutes trying to
get these diagrams to be consistent and
I just didn't like it I wanted I want to
spend like four or five hours trying to
find like really good examples for
animations and I can always add it in
however I am using mermaid diagrams and
for uh mermaid diagrams are these
diagrams that are a lot more predictable
um and so I can go for example I can go
to claw for example this is a mermaid
diagram and this one doesn't look that
good I can say I can paste this in
create a simple mermaid
diagram choose the
type and
create
um one in plain
text here in the chat um okay so here's
the the text this is a very simple
mermaid diagram this one's going to be
very small but you can uh paste it here
save diagram and this is what it looks
like the subject desires the object uh
the subject imitates the model and Des
it's actually way better make a longer
one that shows more features of of his
is Theory use your training data not
what I pasted mimetic Theory and I
actually think that looks pretty good
you can actually change this so like um
you could you know
imitates you know it changes that right
there and so here we can copy this one
let's click this save
diagram okay so this is a
lot I
cuz we can't even like really see that
so like sacred violent
cycle um scapegoat mechanism but anyway
it's still works right this would take a
little while to analyze but the point is
we can actually create these mermaid
diagrams um and it's pretty cool okay so
I'm going to show Claude this example
right here I'm actually going to do it
on this one let's pick a good section
okay like
this I'm going to paste in that earlier
one this is a simple mermaid diagram and
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
screenshot this right here I'm going to
paste it into clae now I want to use the
clae API on these um placeholders for
mermaid diagrams I want there to be a
button that uses AI to generate a
mermaid diagram for that section and
what it should do is it should look from
because these are placed right below the
headers and so it should look from
header from the current header that
you're working under to the next header
and that's where it should get the
information from and so that's what it
should use as the input prompt to
generate a mermaid diagram and the
output should only be a mermaid diagram
and what I'm going to do so now we want
to use the clae API and so for those of
you who've never tried Claude this is
Claude right here we can create a new
chat we can say hi and this is Claude
but we want to access this technology
with within our own app which means you
should either go to perplexity and say
give me examples or type in Claude
documentation platform and this should
so we're looking for the documentation
and so I'm just going to copy the docs
for Claude and we're going to paste
these in so docs for claw paste that
link right there because cursor can
actually access this you can also also
add documentation maybe we've done this
earlier in this video I forget but this
is a really good thing to learn you're
going to want to go to features and you
want to go to docs we're going to add a
new docs and we're just going to paste
this in right here and then we're going
to name it clae API doc confirm and um
and instead of just pasting that link
from now on we can just type in Claude
API docs and it's actually indexed all
of these so it can go through and it'll
look exact it'll look for what it needs
to find right here so docs for Claude
API
docs
um and API key I'm going to paste I'm
going to run this I'm going to paste my
API key and then run this prompt and we
also need to create a key on console.
anthropic tocom and this is where I can
get a key I can press create key right
here I'm not going to do it on film cuz
I want to keep everything private and so
now it's installing this anthropic
package hopefully this works properly
now we are watching it load in real time
and I'm going to hit accept all I'm
going to say put API key in env. loal
because I saw that it didn't it actually
put it directly in the code instead of
putting it in this secured env. looc
file so we need to do that I guess I
could have just put it in there manually
but I'm trying to show that you can just
do everything from cursor composer
and so I want to test this and I want to
make sure nothing goes wrong or I want
to know if something goes wrong and when
you first set up an AI feature it's
likely that something goes wrong there's
just so many docks so many things to
deal with um but here what we're going
to do is we're going to hit generate
with AI and let's
see and so what it should
do oh what the okay syntax error in text
um we can see it right oh okay so it
added I like this we can actually add
this I think we just need to get rid of
these um this I believe this will work
maybe okay yes why is it so small we can
fix this we'll figure it out
um no okay so we can hit generate with
AI can we do multiple at of once so the
API route worked in its first go except
it generated these with these uh weird
which we actually need to copy okay
please make sure in the AI prompt that
this formatting is removed and we can
paste and so it is so at beginning this
is added and then at end this is added
so we can run that based on those
changes let's see how this does so let's
choose a new SE section historical
examples of mimetic rivalry generate
with AI okay so it's working however
these are really small they're not being
shown full screen okay this one
is so the vertical ones are shown full
screen but it seems like the horizontal
ones are
not some of these are being shown full
screen
some of them are way too small can you
please look into this and try and fix
it all right this is starting to look
really good like triangular structure of
Desire um like I actually really like
this for whatever reason this one has a
syntax error but what we should actually
do here is we should have first of all
we need to have a button to view them I
want a button at bottom right
of these
charts to allow me to see the mermaid
diagram um full
screen and then have a little X to exit
out and go back to scrolling down the
the the kind of the the article and then
I also want to have an edit chart after
the chart was already generated I want
there to be little edit icon but beneath
it if pressed it allows me to change so
add a new AI prompt using Claud to
change the existing code and the output
should be the full code um of the
mermaid diagram with the changes that I
said only the output only that output
okay let's see so we can generate a
chart for this
one okay and now we
[Music]
can
um so we can press
this um the full screen feature should
be a modal that pops up full like almost
full screen that like pops up for so I
can look at the mermaid chart full
screen and then the edit
feature uh oh huh
so no okay it didn't get that one okay
so now we can view it full screen that
looks good let's see if it works with a
bigger one let's just start generating
these yeah I like this we should make
this animation cleaner syntax error we
keep getting a syntax error on this one
no no no what's going on here bro what
happened show me the what is the syntax
error see maybe it's cuz I tried to do
multiple at a time okay so now we can
view this full screen that looks cool
nice now what we can do and now this
edit button just lets me edit it let's
create a new uh page cuz this context is
getting quite big and I'm just going to
screenshot this right here so it knows
the full screen feature within the mer
uh mermaid diagrams is working pretty
well uh but the little edit button at
the bottom right I actually want a
little chat field to pop up when I press
it that's not to actually edit the text
directly I still think you that feature
should be allowed if I just click
directly on the chart itself it should
let me edit the code manually but what
this feature allows me to do is it
allows me to edit it and so it should be
a little chat bubble that pops up where
I can say make it shorter or I could say
make it longer or I could say change
this to a pie chart or for those types
of things you understand okay let's give
this a test here copying this we got to
paste this in again in our app we'll
paste this right here okay let's go
ahead and generate with a okay and so we
can view this full screen it's not full
full screen but that's okay meic Theory
meic desire um okay so now we have this
like chat feature make this a vertical
flow chart send wait I've updated the
diagram did
you oh what the wait hold on hold on
okay I don't think it's working
perfectly I don't know why it's not
rendering right away syntax error
classic okay cool colors here I like
this I want to incorporate these colors
so we can view this but now we can hit
chat we can say expand on these keep
these colors I've updated your request
okay so what happens if I click on this
save okay um the changes aren't
immediately uh should as soon as these
changes are made it should update the
mermaid diagram basically I have to
click on it hit edit and then save again
after I've asked for changes I want it
to just happen it should automatically
update this is when I'm using AI chat to
um when I'm using AI chat to edit the
mermaid diagram okay let's give it a try
let's just do it with a fresh
one right here let's goo chat we can say
make this vertical right now it's
horizontal
send boom there we go look at that so
now we can generate a chart here wait
generate with AI um and we're generating
for this chart okay so mimetic desire
rivalry double blind obstinate rivalry
mimetic doubles mimetic crisis
undifferentiated conflict so I don't
fully know what that means we can hit
edit Here and Now say please include
additional
um additional explanation on what these
mean wow that's crazy okay we need the
uh markdown to render
better okay I want you to change nothing
except for the mark down or or like the
formatting of the paragraphs like the
headers should be more they should be
bigger right you know if you look at
something like bare note the headers are
bigger than the rest of the text I want
something like that and in that way the
formatting should be better and more
clear about the division of
sections all right so this is actually
starting to look pretty good the headers
are looking solid they're massive but
like I like it I like the way this looks
I just like the font and everything
looks good oh that's huge actually
that's crazy crazy okay let's actually
go like this the input marked down
should be in the same column as the
output except the input should be a
drop-down that I can place it in and
then close it so it should start with me
placing it in the input markdown and
then the preview should load below it
rather than side by side because I want
to get rid of this like I just want this
to be I want this to be one
column okay input markdown we paste it
there
and we can actually just copy this text
right here and what we can do is we can
go to the search section we can paste
this right here we can look for input
mark down and what we can do is we can
say paste your deep
research here and then this will say
paste your deep research here and then
the generate with AI buttons the
components don't make them like those
green buttons to generate with AI when
make that just like a nice light gray
text with no background when it's empty
instead of having that big green button
I don't want it to be too M um too
intense but while it's loading I want
you to have like a nice like effect over
that component and like it should it's
almost like a moving gradient over that
section okay so now let's go ahead and
let's test this out so major tech
companies open aai Google this is a AI
competitive landscape a game theory
perspective let's generate with
AI wow that's a fire chart look at
this obviously we can make this look
better but um so the game theory
perspective is they either com
competitive or cooperative strategies
jeez forget we have to go like that
okay so they race ahead or they can
cooperate for safety let's generate with
AI for this section and so this should
take into
consideration uh competition versus
cooperation and there is a syntax
error oh my
Lord this one's massive but it worked
but I don't want to use that as a good
example this is great I love this I want
this format for all of them
um okay based on that problem can you
update the prompt as uh with as few
changes as possible to fix this issue
but also I want you to make sure that
this problem's actually fixed and then
the second example that worked above I
want that style for all of them like
those colors and so just suggest to the
AI to use that those
colors yeah cuz this is just like
pleasing color palette in my opinion
compared to like some some of these
other ones yeah like this is so
lame okay here's what we have so far and
then we're going to actually add the
database and this does this process does
take a while sometimes it's a battle um
this is not the easiest project it's
also not the hardest but anyway so as
soon as we finish uh a deep research
report right I had AI it thought for
five minutes and it gathered 17
different sources and I want to see
better visuals like I want it to look
good and so I can just copy this we can
take it to the app that we just created
which is Local Host 3000 there we go
let's go ahead and refresh this so this
is what it will look like to start we'd
sign in and then we could paste this
here and here we can generate
diagrams now I want to as a user who's
been signed in I want to be able to save
it to my profile and and I want these to
be saved as reports and reports should
include everything that's on this page
including the diagram data including the
including the input text and the output
text this I should be able to come back
to this page as my user as the user
signed in and I should be able to access
this and since I'm already signed in
through Google this shouldn't be too
difficult to save to the database please
figure this out I'm actually not going
to enter it in here this is a big ask
ask for the AI we want to make sure it
has as much context as possible and I'm
going to run it actually please create a
profile button at the top right that I
can press where I can view all of my
saved
reports so basically what we're doing
here is we want this right we want to be
able to see our documents our reports
right these are all the documents that
we've saved and we don't want to just
lose them and so that's what we're doing
right now so it just got done fully
loading and it immediately gave us this
error so we're going to copy this and
we're going to say error
please
[Music]
fix oh let's go all right so let's see
let's see all right so wait let's go do
open AI open AI open AI copy this go
back to this paste this here that loads
save report
okay ah oh wait so back to
reports okay so this view
report
huh hold
on okay but this okay so okay um okay
uh let me see okay so we're here and the
first thing that we can do is create a
report and so what we can do is we can
paste that
in and then we can generate with AI and
let's just generate three charts I don't
care if they fail for now um okay that's
cool we have multiple charts let's hit
save report so now we save the
report
okay when I generate charts and then I
save the report the charts are not in
the report that I saved they're not in
the right
place and we can actually go ahead and
take a look at this right remember we
did uh Google Firebase that's where this
is saving so let me show you what that
even uh what that means here um so we
can actually go to fir store database
and we can see that there's a report and
this is the data that's in the
report what's this and so we can see
that data is being being stored if we go
to authentication and we click users we
can see that I am one of the users in
here so as people use your site or app
their name will be added here it's when
they log in and then in the fir store
database this is where the reports are
being stored and so we're trying to get
the proper charts to be stored as well
and so we'll see how uh cursor decides
to do this
and we'll hit accept let's take a look
here I'm going to fully reset this so
I'm going to make a new
report and I just like every time when
I'm doing this testing every single time
I'm going back and refreshing the Local
Host because if it made a change to how
things are saved and I'm using something
that's been saved previously the logic
might be completely messed up and so we
want to completely do things from
scratch like you want to start your
process over when testing it in my
opinion I've just that's one thing that
I've learned so re like allow yourself
to refresh every time you make a change
it'll just help you in the long run
let's go back to Local Host we'll paste
this in here I like the way this
animates in now um and we can close this
let's generate and we'll go down we will
generate and generate and once these
load we have these three charts
here two and three now let's go ahead
and hit save report let's see if they're
here it doesn't appear as though they
are there no that's in the
response yeah the mermaid diagrams were
not there when I saved them at least
they did not show up in the view where I
can view the report all right testing
again sometimes you just got to test
things over and over again got to go to
Local Host got to paste it in um let's
generate with AI generate with AI
generate with AI just the first three
all right this is interesting first
mover Advantage multipolar
trap okay
interesting okay AI race okay cool now
let's save the
report yes there we go
nice cool we did it okay one more thing
I want to add on the save
uh on
the uh report at any given time I want
to be able to export it as a PDF so the
entire report gets um exported as the
entire component uh that is the report
like below the input field that shows
like all of the markdown and all of the
mermaid diagrams in it as well I want to
be able to export it as a
PDF all right it generated this code now
it says it found some error and so let
me fix the type issues with the react to
print okay so here it is and we can
actually just export this and now it's
like it made a change where it's like
checking to see if everything is like
rendered properly and then it downloads
and there's a lot of I've done this
before there's a lot of different things
that you can do uh to make the
formatting proper
um so like obviously like not a lot is
fit on each page but you know we still
got a PDF created and it has those
charts rendered within it and so that's
pretty cool and if we go back to reports
we can see all of my reports obviously
we can rename and I can add an edit
button and a delete button but for my
sake right now we've created this app
that has a database set up to it and we
can go let's go back to home one thing
that we should add can you please add a
persistent top bar to this app that
allows me to just access the key Pages
via icons the top bar should have home
and the
reports and like
pool um so now we can go to my reports
we can go back home which creates a new
report last thing I'm going to do before
we're done with this is say um create a
title in that same top bar I want you to
name it deep visual okay you know what
this is really bothering me so I'm just
want to change it my OCD please uh for
the drop down please put the paste your
deep research here right aligned and in
line with that little carrot thing not
below it I do not like the way that
looks at all oh my God okay that's so
much better isn't it um okay now we can
say paste your deep research here we can
now we can paste this
boom it's going to load it up in this
clean fashion and we can begin
generating images with AI obviously if I
was doing this I would probably have it
automatically generate images um so the
user just like immediately gets value
and we can save this report uh we can
save this report like this and we can
also export them as PDFs not only this
but we can actually chat and we can
actually change these include the
companies here let's see if this works
all right it included it look at this
micros open AI Google deep mine meta
Microsoft anthropic and others that's
really cool so we created this now what
we're going to
do now what we're going to do is we are
want to upload this to GitHub so what
I'm want to do and we're going to make
this one private so on GitHub we can
create a new repository I'm going to
make this one private we're going to
call this uh deep Visual and we're going
to create a new repository and we've
done this multiple times so far if
you're skipping ahead uh then you
haven't seen this yet but all this does
is this allows us to save it to our
GitHub profile so the code is updated
into this central location I'm making it
private so if I'm on a different
computer or if I have a team member we
can actually download this code and work
from this place in the app or in cursor
we can download this code here and all
we have to do is we can just copy this
open up a new composer window and say
Commit This to this GitHub repo that I
just created so I already created this
repo please upload my code to this repo
I really don't know the proper
vernacular for this I know that's not
right
but cursor will do it for us and once
it's done it's basically just said
congrats it's it's successfully uploaded
we can refresh this and here all our
code is right here now we want to put it
on the internet and we're we want to use
versel again so we're going to put this
on the internet this is going to be
harder because we actually need to
upload our environment variables because
we have API keys that we need to have
secure and so what we're going to do
here is we are going to go to now I now
create a verel project using the C I
think we can force it to use versel here
using the CLI and deploy it to
verel
and
um yeah I think we can just say
this okay it's going great the versel
CLI is already installed now let's
deploy your project so now we're
basically just going to say set up and
deploy pick whether you want to use your
business or personal um let's just run
it like this link to existing project no
what's the name of your
project um deep visual enter what do you
want to modify these settings no I
honestly couldn't tell you why some of
those settings are the way they are I
just know that I've talked to AI before
and they told me to do that and so I do
that every time I wish I had more
information for you I could have looked
it up beforehand but I don't know so
just do what I just did it might work
and so it says it's building but I think
we're going to have to go enter our
environment variables and so I'm going
to click on this right here and this is
going to take us to it's show it's
showing us that it's building but I'm
pretty sure it's going to fail because
we haven't yet
entered our environment variables
because we need to do that so I think we
need to go to yeah and so if you're on
the project deep visual here we need to
go to settings and we need to go to
environment variables and I want I need
to paste in those keys here right I need
to paste those keys in here so what I
need to do is I need to go to cursor and
we're going to open this up and now what
I'm going to do is I'm literally going
to
go to env. loc file and again I don't
want to press on this because you'll be
able to see what you'll be able to
see my keys which I don't want you to be
able to see the keys that I'm using so
I'm going to open this up and I'll show
you what I did okay so if you copy the
entire env. looc file which is the place
where you keep all of your API tokens
and you just come into where it says key
and press command V it'll automatically
load all of them in this format right
here and you can press save and that's
what I did I did it off camera because I
wanted to keep it safe so go to your EMV
file copy the entire thing with all your
keys come to key press command V paste
it in hit
save and all of your keys will be loaded
so that's really cool and so I added my
environment variables please
deploy and so now it's trying again and
you can always keep track of it so you
can click on this little link right here
well open this up and this will allow us
this is the site that it will be loaded
on and if we go back to cursor if we
click on this top one uh this will
actually show us the build status so
here we see it's building building
building and there we go so it says
status ready and now we can press on I
think we can just press this domain
right here deep Visual and here we're
going to sign in now here is an
important part watch this when I click
on this nothing happens we're getting an
error and this error is happening
because we actually need to go back to
our authentication right we need to go
this authentication remember back at the
beginning when we were setting up this
project and we did signin method we uh
we turn Google on and it's automatically
set up to allow your Local Host to sign
in to whatever app you're building but
it's not set up for the deployed one so
we need to go to settings and we need to
go to authorized domains and so we need
to go back to versel so we need to go to
back to versell so yeah we're going to
open this link up right here and this
link we need to copy and we need to put
this into the authorized domains so we
can paste this domain right here and now
this is going to authorize the
authorization to work within Firebase
let me try to explain this again what
allows us to sign in is authentication
through firebase.com and we need to
authorize the um we need to authorize
this we need to authorize that the
domain that we just created deep visual.
bell.app localhost is automatically
authorized when you start out I didn't
have to do anything for this so let's
let me show you so when we go back to
this right here and we refresh the page
we can hit sign in with Google and it
works works and I'm going to sign in I
think I made an account with this one
but um yes so here we can either paste
our deep research project yeah we can
paste this in right here and the the app
works just like
normal and we can generate images with
AI we can edit them with AI and this is
the app that we created and it is on the
website deep visual.
for.app however I'm not going to set up
a custom domain for this one since we've
already done that that process is
relatively simple um and you can see
here and you can see here it's race or
cooperate and so we can actually edit
this right and so we see Deep Mind
Google Microsoft um we can actually copy
this we could say please make uh
please include the company names and
show and explain Concepts further and so
we can use AI it's now going to go in
and edit this uh graphic there we go
competitive
moves and now we can do that so that's
pretty cool and so we can use AI to edit
these uh charts and then we can come up
here and we can press save report and
this now is saved to our report and we
can export the PDF so the PDF of this
was just is about to be exported there
we go so we can come right here select
it here is our PDF report and obviously
we didn't generate charts for the whole
thing so it's not amazing but we can see
and we could honestly make this a lot
better but I don't think it's a bad
start if we go to back to reports I have
not edited the title of all of them but
here we have all the reports that we've
saved so we can go back to this one and
it'll have the same charts uh loaded we
could probably add something like
comments to this but for now I think
this is pretty solid like we created uh
this app that allows us to generate with
AI we can continue to generate these
with AI and that's the app that we
created and it's on the internet and you
can sign in with a different account as
well right if we go um I actually didn't
add a sign out button I don't think I
could sign out oh
it's there they added it for me we can
sign out we can sign in with Google and
we can sign in with a different account
right and so when I sign in with a
different account and I go to my
reports nothing's there right no reports
yet because I signed in as a different
user right create a report and if I were
to save anything here we can also write
we can say hello
there this is a
banana split
and we can go
ingredients and then uh we can generate
with AI I'm pretty sure it's just going
to this is all the context it has hello
banana split ingredients and there you
go that kind of shows you how it how
this kind of works and then we can hit
save report and then if we go back to
our reports we'll see that we have this
and we could obviously make this way
better we could have ai generated titles
for now I don't care too much about that
I wanted to show how we've set up the
database if we go back into the database
right we go to the fir store database
we'll see all of the reports um we can
see uh the authentication is right here
we can see that there are now two users
for the app one of my emails and the
other one of my emails and storage we
have nothing in here yet because we're
not actually storing images or videos
the charts that are saved are saved as
mermaid code and so yeah that's the app
that we created that was a long video we
created a clean landing page for agate.
comom you can find this online if you
want to check it out and I believe the
GitHub repo is public so I'll paste that
below and uh yeah we just found a random
GitHub repo that had cool animation
Styles and so we used that library to
bring our own ideas to life obviously we
created the Deep research uh image
Creator which allows us to export and
save reports and and uh yeah we can
export them as PDFs pretty cool we also
Dove deep into the basics of cursor we
talked about how cursor composer has two
modes uh it has normal and agent and you
need to just use the agent mode because
it has access to the terminal has all
the commands basically anything that you
need to do cursor has access and it can
create it can edit and it can delete
files all so that you can create an app
and you can upload it to to GitHub and
then deploy it to the internet just like
we did with aent mate and just like we
did with this link this is a deployed
link on the internet as well and we
could set it up to our own custom domain
and so yeah if you guys want to dive
deeper hop into my community software
composers we have a lot of really fun
stuff planned here right now we have we
have
10,215 members and we are going to be
creating a lot of really cool free
resources in software composers if you
want to learn more about cursor and
creating apps uh to make money for your
own internal tools uh for design and for
whatever project you want just because
you like it and you think it's fun so
join the community if you want to see
what's we have in store because it's
awesome anyway I'll talk to you guys
later this was a long vid peace